feat(curriculum): add HTML video player project to FSD cert (#62866)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/blocks/workshop-html-video-player/68f26d52b13e0f5b6e2d2e09.md

---
id: 68f26d52b13e0f5b6e2d2e09
title: Step 11
challengeType: 0
dashedName: step-11
---

# --description--

You will add another `source` element. This one will use the `video/webm` MIME type.

WebM is an open-source audiovisual media file format developed by Google,
primarily designed for web-based media content. It supports video codecs like 
VP8, VP9, and AV1, and audio codecs such as Vorbis and Opus, making it a popular
choice for HTML5 video and audio elements.

Now, add the `source` element with the self-closing tag. Next, add the `src` attribute
and the value `https://cdn.freecodecamp.org/curriculum/labs/mapmethod.webm`.
Finally, add the `type` attribute and the value `video/webm`.

# --hints--

You have a `source` element with the `src` attribute and 
the value `https://cdn.freecodecamp.org/curriculum/labs/mapmethod.webm` and
the `type` attribute and the value `video/webm`.

```js
const source = document.querySelector('source:nth-of-type(2)');

assert.strictEqual(source?.getAttribute('src'), 'https://cdn.freecodecamp.org/curriculum/labs/mapmethod.webm');
assert.strictEqual(source?.getAttribute('type'), 'video/webm');
```

> # --seed--

Reviewer: ````suggestion
# --hints--

You should have a second `source` eleemnt.

```js
assert.exists(document.querySelector('video > source:nth-of-type(2)'));
```

Your second `source` element should have a `src` attribute with a value of `https://cdn.freecodecamp.org/curriculum/labs/mapmethod.webm`.

```js
const source = document.querySelector('source:nth-of-type(2)');
assert.strictEqual(source?.getAttribute('src'), 'https://cdn.freecodecamp.org/curriculum/labs/mapmethod.webm');
```

Your second `source` element should have a `type` attribute with a value of `video/webm`.

```js
const source = document.querySelector('source:nth-of-type(2)');
assert.strictEqual(source?.getAttribute('type'), 'video/webm');
```

# --seed--
````

---
id: 68f26d52b13e0f5b6e2d2e09
title: Step 11
challengeType: 0
dashedName: step-11
---

# --description--

Another common MIME type is the `video/webm` MIME type.

WebM is an open-source audiovisual media file format developed by Google,
primarily designed for web-based media content. It supports video codecs like 
VP8, VP9, and AV1, and audio codecs such as Vorbis and Opus, making it a popular

> choice for HTML5 video and audio elements.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
WebM is an open-source audiovisual media file format developed by Google, primarily designed for web-based media content. It supports video codecs like VP8, VP9, and AV1, and audio codecs such as Vorbis and Opus, making it a popular choice for HTML5 video and audio elements.
```

> Below your first `source` element, add another `source` element. Your second `source` element should have a `src` attribute with the value `https://cdn.freecodecamp.org/curriculum/labs/mapmethod.webm` and `type` attribute with the value `video/webm`.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Below your first `source` element, add another `source` element and give it a `src` attribute with the value `https://cdn.freecodecamp.org/curriculum/labs/mapmethod.webm` and a `type` attribute with the value `video/webm`.
```
